Update note on ptrace (#31075)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dumps.md

Dumps can be collected in a variety of ways depending on which platform you are running your app on.

> [!NOTE]
> Dumps may contain sensitive information because they can contain the full memory of the running process. Handle them with any security restrictions and guidances in mind.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
```

> > Frequently asked questions regarding dump collection, analysis and other caveats can be found [here](FAQ-dumps.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For frequently asked questions about dump collection, analysis, and other caveats, see [Dumps: FAQ](faq-dumps.md).
```

Dumps can be collected in a variety of ways depending on which platform you are running your app on.

> [!NOTE]

> > Collecting a dump requires that the process have access to ptrace targeting parent processes. This means /proc/sys/kernel/yama should have ptrace_scope set to 1 or 0. If running under any type of Open Container Initiatory technology, the seccomp profile must allow for calls to ptrace. PTRACE capability can be added via `--cap-add=SYS_PTRACE` or `--privileged`. Afterwards, the dump save path config should point out that the user starting the process needs to have write access to the directory configured as the dump path.

Reviewer 2: I'd move the path to another point here. This note is purely a point on ptrace, and the 4.8 example is still pertinent I feel. Regarding the path one, maybe the notes on the environment variable are a better place for it. These caveats need to be visible somehow from the different dump docs (i.e dotnet-dump also needs similar notices).

Author: I don't know what the 4.8 example is referring to. 
What do you think about creating a file called NotesAboutDumps (or something else) and have every dump page have a link to that file?

Reviewer 2: Having a dump FAQ seems sensible to me. As for the 4.8, it refers to the kernel version running the application (docker and other container solutions block ptrace on 4.8 and below as they had security layering issues prior to that and the pressure valve they provided for people that needed it was to require CAP_SYS_PTRACE).

|-------|---------|---|
|`COMPlus_DbgEnableMiniDump` or `DOTNET_DbgEnableMiniDump`|If set to 1, enable core dump generation.|0|
|`COMPlus_DbgMiniDumpType` or `DOTNET_DbgMiniDumpType`|Type of dump to be collected. For more information, see the table below|2 (`MiniDumpWithPrivateReadWriteMemory`)|

> |`COMPlus_DbgMiniDumpName` or `DOTNET_DbgMiniDumpName`|Path to a file to write the dump to. Ensure the user under which the dotnet process is running has write permissions to the directory specified.|`/tmp/coredump.<pid>`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`COMPlus_DbgMiniDumpName` or `DOTNET_DbgMiniDumpName`|Path to a file to write the dump to. Ensure that the user under which the dotnet process is running has write permissions to the specified directory.|`/tmp/coredump.<pid>`|
```

> |`COMPlus_CreateDumpDiagnostics` or `DOTNET_CreateDumpDiagnostics`|If set to 1, enable diagnostic logging of dump process.|0|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`COMPlus_CreateDumpDiagnostics` or `DOTNET_CreateDumpDiagnostics`|If set to 1, enables diagnostic logging of dump process.|0|
```

> |`COMPlus_EnableCrashReport` or `DOTNET_EnableCrashReport`|(Requires .NET 6 or later) If set to 1, the runtime generates a JSON-formatted crash report thta includes information about the threads and stack frames of the crashing application. The crash report name is the dump path/name with *.crashreport.json* appended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`COMPlus_EnableCrashReport` or `DOTNET_EnableCrashReport`|(Requires .NET 6 or later) If set to 1, the runtime generates a JSON-formatted crash report that includes information about the threads and stack frames of the crashing application. The crash report name is the dump path or name with *.crashreport.json* appended.
```
